---
layout: post
title: "Test Code"
date: 2017-01-23 17:18:41 -0300
comments: true
categories: 
---
Ember.js 2.2, a minor version release of Ember with backwards compatible
changes, is released today. This release represents the work of over 60
contributors.

Ember.js 2.3 beta, the branch of Ember that will be released as stable in
roughly six weeks, is also being released today.<!-- more -->

### Changes in Ember.js 2.2

Ember.js releases occur every six weeks, regardless of how significant the
changes are. 2.2 introduces no new features, but does include performance
improvements and bug fixes.

Notable improvements include a performance fix for Ember's `_super`
implementation under minification, and the skipping of `view` and `controller`
template locals logic when operating without the view and controller legacy
addons.

For more details on changes landing in 2.2, review the
[Ember.js 2.2.0 CHANGELOG](https://github.com/emberjs/ember.js/blob/v2.2.0/CHANGELOG.md).

### Ember.js 2.3 beta

Ember.js 2.3 beta is released today, and in six weeks it will become the
new stable version of Ember. This beta cycle introduces several new features
and a notable deprecation.

#### `visit` API

[Ember FastBoot](https://github.com/tildeio/ember-cli-fastboot) and new testing
APIs motivated the addition of a `visit` method for `Ember.Application` and
`Ember.ApplicationInstance` objects. Called on `Ember.Application` this
method accepts several configuration options.

For example, you might use this API to manually boot an Ember application
and then instruct it to visit a URL:

```js
import MyApp from 'my-app';

$(function() {
  let App = MyApp.create({ autoboot: false });
  let options = {
    // Prevent this application from updating the URL in the address bar
    location: 'none',
    // Override the default `rootElement` to render into a specific `div`
    // on the page
    rootElement: '#demo'
  };
  App.visit('/demo', options).then((/* appInstance */) => {
    $('#loading').fadeOut(); // Or any other logic after rendering
  });
});
```

Importantly, the addition of this API means **FastBoot
is now usable with Ember.js beta**. FastBoot itself remains experimental,
however this is the first time you can use it with a stock build of Ember.js.
The [README.md for ember-cli-fastboot](https://github.com/tildeio/ember-cli-fastboot)
is the best place to start if you want to try FastBoot.
